Update readme (#33)
sensu/sensu-influxdb-handler: README.md

> **Security Note:** The InfluxDB addr, username and password are treated as a security sensitive configuration options in this example and are loaded into the handler config as env_vars instead of as a command arguments. Command arguments are commonly readable from the process table by other unprivaledged users on a system (ex: `ps` and `top` commands), so it's a better practise to read in sensitive information via environment variables or configuration files as part of command execution. The command flags for these configuration options are provided as an override for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Security Note:** The InfluxDB addr, username and password are treated as a security sensitive configuration options in this example and are loaded into the handler config as env_vars instead of as a command arguments. Command arguments are commonly readable from the process table by other unprivileged users on a system (ex: `ps` and `top` commands), so it's a better practice to read in sensitive information via environment variables or configuration files as part of command execution. The command flags for these configuration options are provided as an override for testing purposes.
```
